Volume on the peer-to-peer Bitcoin exchange LocalBitcoins shows that developed market volume is tracking price, while emerging market volume has stabilized and keeps growing without regard to price. This would imply that developed markets are speculating, while emerging markets use Bitcoin for utility, according to investment firm Passport Capital.	(By Sead Fadilpašić, April 05, 2019)
Following the release of a regulatory framework concerning digital assets by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), many are disappointed with the lack of clarity - but airdrops are among the topics generating the most controversy. The SEC maintains that airdrops could constitute securities, which would make them subject to often-rigid securities laws. (By Sead Fadilpašić, April 04, 2019)
Arch crypto-skeptic Nouriel Roubini, professor of economics at New York University, has gone head-to-head with cryptocurrency’s most vocal proponent, Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin. The duo was speaking at the Deconomy Conference in Seoul in a debate entitled the Fundamental Value of Cryptocurrency and its Sustainability. (By Tim Alper, April 04, 2019)
March has brought some long-needed respite from the bearish markets, with some notable coins in green - a big part of this is the fact that every single coin from the top 10 by market cap is in green, even excluding stablecoins. The month also holds only one loser among the top 50 coins by market capitalization in the true sense of the word, with their price in red - all the others are simply the lowest among the green. Compared to February, even Tron and Stellar Lumens are back in the green - the only coins that were in the red at that time. Meanwhile, Bitcoin registered a second successive winning month. (By  Sead Fadilpašić, April 01, 2019)
Spain’s Treasury department has issued almost 1.5 thousand citizens with warnings that they may have to pay tax on their cryptocurrency transactions. The Treasury has also warned cryptocurrency exchanges, private companies, banks and private brokers that they must declare any money they have made on cryptocurrency-related deals, per Rioja2. (By Tim Alper, April 05, 2019)
